the good old days are gone and The New
Normal is here you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we are going to talk about
what's happening right now and how
millions of people will be affected by
it I'm going to get into all the details
and share them with you right here what
I have seen has been the central banks
and the government of course they have
been devaluing your currency each and
every day but we have been told that you
don't need to worry because there's a
light at the end of the tunnel some
people propose that light as a massive
deflation asset prices will go down and
so you can buy things for pennies on the
dollar and other individuals have
basically suggested that they have one
solution or another just buy this just
do that and you're going to be all good
but let me tell you in today's video
you're going to get the truth let's
begin here we have it inflation is
permanent and you'll never regain your
lost purchasing power hour and of course
it doesn't need to be Jim Grant or
anybody else we can see that each and
every day we go to the store we have to
buy this and that we are finding this to
be true it isn't the case of you know
inflation is going down but let's be
honest prices are not going down you
could see these metrics the CPI the pce
yeah they'll go down but does that mean
that my food is going to be any cheaper
oh they'll show you the eggs or they'll
show you poultry or what have you that
maybe had a particular Spike at some
point based on some issue but your
prices that you pay won't go back to
2019 and in fact what they're telling
you I just read this today that the
Federal Reserve as well as everybody
else suggests that inflation is healthy
inflation is good but as long as your
wages keep up with it the entire entire
design of this system is that money is
debt and it is born out of nothing each
and every time that happens your
currency that you keep that you try to
save is devalued over and over again and
so we can see that not just in the fact
that you know some statistic that
they're going to present to you it is
there in real time affecting your daily
life and how does it do that well New
York City Apartment panned as glorified
prison cell comes with shockingly high
rent price and prime location so I will
show you this at the end of the video
because we're going to conclude with it
but what do you think okay very tiny
apartment it does have a
bathroom what would that be in a monthly
rent what do you think we're going to
talk about the end of the video please
put your guesses below I uh I want want
to know what you think I'm talking tiny
okay you could probably practically
touch from one side to the other okay
almost so let's do
this Rising wages will help inflation is
particularly unsettling when the cost of
living Rises faster than people's
paychecks families struggle to maintain
their standard of living let alone get
ahead this was the case for many people
in
2022 yes that's right for the last s
months average wages have risen faster
than prices if that continues workers
should be able to gain ground and Jerome
Powell your friend he said that might
help improve the mood of
people that's right you should be happy
you should be pleasant because your
inflation that you're
experiencing is less than your wage I
mean that's true right I mean Jerome
Powell is saying it and the statistics
are showing that do you agree that
though I'm not sure many you do I'm
really not sure about that us homeless
count surges 12% to highest recorded
level this is the most ever all of the
programs the billions of dollars that
are being spent to get the homeless
situation under control and yet it's
gotten worse how many jobs how much
business and all the individuals
surrounding the homelessness
problem are potentially at risk if there
are no more
homeless do you think there's an issue
here that's right there is no business
in resolving that crisis instead it's
there to manage it to deal with it to be
there and spend millions and billions of
dollars on things that look like the
problem is being taken care of but of
course
not the case they're I mean it's it's
obvious they are not trying to actually
fix the problem it doesn't need the
billions that have been thrown at it
needs a lot less than that for those on
the front lines of this crisis it's not
surprising people across the country are
struggling to pay skyrocketing rents and
that's essentially the case one thing
after another there are many reasons for
it but when you're paying thousands of
dollars a month for rent
well how are you ever going to make ends
meet yeah you can live two people three
people four people 20 people to a home
uh but for many people it has become
unaffordable Americans are skipping
doctor visits due to costs share of us
adults who went without some form of
medical care because they could not
afford it and that is at 28% right now
okay and so you can see very clearly
during this period of time 2020 till now
inflation picks up people are skipping
the doctor visits
everybody from every corner of the world
are talking about the cost of living
crisis everywhere and it seems like this
has been an issue that has just been oh
it's such a surprise but if you follow
the activities of the central banks and
the government like we talked about then
you're going to see that it is an
intentional situation this happens to be
something that goes on through a cycle
and they are telling you very clearly
and evidently that you need more
inflation in your life it's sad but
that's what they say Metro GM says 10
stations and 67 bus lines may be cut
2,000 layoffs possible if budget Gap
isn't filled and so we'll see this in
different cities but the same I just
pulled this up the same situation it's
going on all over the place they are
going to cut the infrastructure they are
going to make it more difficult for you
to get around and at the same time
you're going to pay more you're going to
pay more and you're going to get less I
hope you see all these dots that are
connecting do you if so hit that thumbs
up button I do appreciate that very much
you got to understand this cutting from
here cutting from there oh no no no it
it's just because of this or that oh
it's just because of that person in
charge or this company is the problem
it's not the way it works this comes
from top down and when you start to
analyze the
details of the activities that they go
through during these Cycles it becomes
so clear crystal clear in fact that this
is a job being done to make sure that
there are the halves and the have knots
everybody will be squeezed and this has
been going on since 2020 there's no
doubt about it underwater car loans
signal us consumers slammed by high
rates and you could see the percentage
there you know obviously you start
increasing rates you enter this
situation people can't deal with it they
can't pay their bills they can't of
course because there's so much debt
because everything costs so much money
today unreasonable amounts of money and
yes there's corporate greed part of that
but I know for my own e-commerce
business I'm getting squeezed left right
and
center right and I can't you know go
there's only so much you can do there's
only so high you can lift your prices I
haven't lifted prices in years and
that's squeezing me right so it's not
just the corporations I don't I can't
speak for them but I could tell you that
okay this is just showing us the
percentage that when people are leasing
their vehicles what they got to pay and
of course it is at a very high rate
haven't seen this since the financial
crisis Americans are struggling to
afford their car payments the percentage
of borrowers at least 60 days late on
their car loans is at the highest on
record I covered this in a previous
video and you can look at that and be
honest with yourself of what that means
people can't pay their bills they got
the credit card situation they're doing
the buy now pay later this has become a
big problem and if you look at it in you
know with the blinders on if you're in
your Silo whatever analogy you want to
use well of course you're not going to
see the big picture but you are here
right here now and I appreciate that
because it tells me that you want to
know what's actually going on here we
have a new car loans amount financed the
dollar term in dollar terms it is
extreme extreme what else is Extreme did
you guess that price
did you guess that price of that little
tiny apartment here we
go 2,300 so you can see where that guy
is on one side to the other I mean you
can pretty much you know Reach Out And
Touch the other side and looking at it
from the other perspective you see where
the kitchen counter is Tiny
2300 and that tells us what's been
happening right now the value of the
currency has
declined at the same time you've got one
issue stacked on top of another many
people are telling you that there's this
Mass deflation that's going to happen
but just look at it and and be honest
with yourself if real estate prices were
to come down by a significant amount
historically okay 30 let's let's say 30%
Nationwide that would be historically
that hasn't really happened many times
okay the prices are still absurd and
people still can't afford it do you see
the problem here stock prices what if
they came down
30% that's the whole Market okay 30%
some stocks of course will always
perform better and some will perform
worse
30% that's happened many bare markets
that occurs 30% prices are still crazy
crazy still crazy by countless metrics
what if they came down by 50% or real
estate by 50% both circumstances leads
us to the same situation of this being
out of control at those
levels and what would happen if we get
to that point ofus 30% minus 50% you
know there's going to be action by the
Federal
Reserve by you know the government in
their stimulus measures and what happens
as a result of that well we don't know
the conditions and the reason why these
prices would come down it's not just
because there's too much debt or just
because you know there's some sort of
you know worry uh I think I'm worried
I'm going to suddenly sell there's a
catalyst that needs to occur and you
know depending on that would would
affect and impact you know how the
reaction from the government from the
FED but the think about this of course
they would print of course they would do
bailouts bailin who knows and that would
be massively inflationary so the
direction we have is more inflation in
front of us and if you
knew that more inflation was the most
likely the base case scenario what would
you do what would you do and start to
think from that point reverse engineer
and start to rebuild your port portfolio
your life your circumstance right now if
you want to get the details of your
financial education sorted out well I do
that in compass over 1,000 people have
been through Compass it's right here at
the money gps.com
and if you want to get your financial
circumstances looked at by a cfp or a
fiduciary completely for free on a
45-minute call I partner with money
pickle and they will hopefully be able
to get you out of that pickle click on
the link right here in the description
so that you can do this I have gotten
great feedback from um those who have
signed up so far and I hope that they
will help you and at least you know give
you a second look at your circumstance I
want to thank you for being here today
hit that thumbs up button and of course
as always join me tomorrow for the
latest and greatest information I'll see
you then